README.md, before:

# Elden-Ring-NN

## Table of Contents

-   [**Dependencies**](#dependencies)
    -   [**Python**](#python)
    -   [**External**](#external)
-   [**How to Use**](#how-to-use)
    -   [**Cheat Engine**](#cheat-engine)
    -   [**Elden Ring**](#elden-ring-initial-setup)
-   [**Documentation**](#documentation)
    -   [**er_agent.py**](#er_agentpy)
    -   [**er_environment.py**](#er_environmentpy)
    -   [**er_model.py**](#er_modelpy)
    -   [**game_access.py**](#game_accesspy)
    -   [**logger.py**](#loggerpy)
    -   [**memory_access.py**](#memory_accesspy)
    -   [**webview.py**](#webviewpy)

## Dependencies

#### Python

-   streamlit
-   json
-   pymem
-   dxcam
-   ...

#### External

-   Cheat Engine <- Link This
-   Hexinton All-in-One Cheat Table <- Link This
-   Elden Ring <- Link This
-   Practice Mod <- Link This

## How to Use

#### Cheat Engine

Place the Hexinton table inside of `scripts/place_cheat_table_here/` and inside of the Hexinton Table Add the following under the section shown below:

```
Enable
    |___NPC
        |___Targeted Enemy
```

Inside of Targeted Enemy, create a new header that has a script, the easiest (and messiest) way to do this is to copy another section that already has a script on it into this section and then change the script along with removing all the children headers. This should leave you with one final header that has a script. Next, edit the script to match the following:

```lua
{$lua}
if not scriptTimers then scriptTimers = {} end

local function onTimer(timer)

  player_dead_file = io.open('PlayerDead.txt', 'r')

  if player_dead_file ~= nil then
    io.close(player_dead_file)
    pausegame_t=AOBScanModuleUnique("eldenring.exe","80 BB 28 01 00 00 00 0F 84","+X")

    target_file = io.open("TargetPointer.txt", 'w')
    tar_ptr = readQword'LastLockOnTarget'
    target_file:write(tostring(tar_ptr))
    target_file:close()

    world_file = io.open("WorldChrManPointer.txt", 'w')
    world_ptr = getAddress("WorldChrMan")
    world_file:write(tostring(readQword'world_ptr'))
    world_file:close()

    pause_file = io.open("PausePointer.txt", 'w')
    pause_file:write(tostring(pausegame_t))
    pause_file:close()

    ready_file = io.open("DataWritten.txt", 'w')
    ready_file:close()
  end

  target_needed = io.open('NeedTarget.txt', 'r')

  if target_needed ~= nil then
    io.close(target_needed)

    tar_ptr = readQword'LastLockOnTarget'
    target_file = io.open("TargetPointer.txt", 'w')
    target_file:write(tostring(tar_ptr))
    target_file:close()

    ready_file = io.open("TargetFound.txt", 'w')
    ready_file:close()
  end
end

[ENABLE]

local id = memrec.ID
local t = scriptTimers[id]

if t then
  t.Enabled = true
else
  scriptTimers[id] = createTimer()
  t = scriptTimers[id]
  t.Interval = 1000
  t.OnTimer = onTimer
end

[DISABLE]

local t = scriptTimers[memrec.ID]
if t then
  t.Enabled = false
end
```

The above code was found on this forum [post](https://www.cheatengine.org/forum/viewtopic.php?t=618933&sid=ea8d85619a9513450cc63fbe2f1a3443) and edited to fit the needs of this project. So credit to that user for the code. This creates a timer that will check to see if there is a locked on target and if the target changes. This is so that target can easily be grabbed each time that the player dies, since this is expected to be a lot.

For anyone editing the code above, the interval is in milliseconds, and the code you want to change is within the function block called `onTimer`.

More discussion of the cheat table is located in the readme that is in the following directory: scripts/place_cheat_table_here/README.md and there will be a separate lua file that contains the code as well.

#### Elden Ring Initial Setup

https://www.nexusmods.com/eldenring/mods/5645?tab=description

## Documentation

Most of the files included in this repo have documentation with information about the function, the arguments taken, the return type and maybe error and exception information.

#### er_agent.py

#### er_environment.py

#### er_model.py

#### game_access.py

#### logger.py

#### memory_access.py

#### webview.py

Commit message:

Began walk_backs and created some helper functions for key pressing, documentation in memory_access

README.md, after:

# Elden-Ring-NN

## Table of Contents

-   [**Dependencies**](#dependencies)
    -   [**Python**](#python)
    -   [**External**](#external)
-   [**How to Use**](#how-to-use)
    -   [**Cheat Engine**](#cheat-engine)
    -   [**Elden Ring**](#elden-ring-initial-setup)
-   [**Documentation**](#documentation)
    -   [**er_agent.py**](#er_agentpy)
    -   [**er_environment.py**](#er_environmentpy)
    -   [**er_model.py**](#er_modelpy)
    -   [**game_access.py**](#game_accesspy)
    -   [**logger.py**](#loggerpy)
    -   [**memory_access.py**](#memory_accesspy)
    -   [**webview.py**](#webviewpy)

## Dependencies

#### Python

-   streamlit
-   json
-   pymem
-   dxcam
-   ...

#### External

-   Cheat Engine <- Link This
-   Hexinton All-in-One Cheat Table <- Link This
-   Elden Ring <- Link This
-   Practice Mod <- Link This

## How to Use

#### Cheat Engine

Place the Hexinton table inside of `scripts/place_cheat_table_here/` and inside of the Hexinton Table Add the following under the section shown below:

```
Enable
    |___NPC
        |___Targeted Enemy
```

Inside of Targeted Enemy, create a new header that has a script, the easiest (and messiest) way to do this is to copy another section that already has a script on it into this section and then change the script along with removing all the children headers. This should leave you with one final header that has a script. Next, edit the script to match the following:

```lua
{$lua}
if not scriptTimers then scriptTimers = {} end

local function onTimer(timer)

  player_dead_file = io.open('PlayerDead.txt', 'r')

  if player_dead_file ~= nil then
    io.close(player_dead_file)
    pausegame_t=AOBScanModuleUnique("eldenring.exe","80 BB 28 01 00 00 00 0F 84","+X")

    target_file = io.open("TargetPointer.txt", 'w')
    tar_ptr = readQword'LastLockOnTarget'
    target_file:write(tostring(tar_ptr))
    target_file:close()

    world_file = io.open("WorldChrManPointer.txt", 'w')
    world_ptr = getAddress("WorldChrMan")
    world_file:write(tostring(readQword'world_ptr'))
    world_file:close()

    pause_file = io.open("PausePointer.txt", 'w')
    pause_file:write(tostring(pausegame_t))
    pause_file:close()

    ready_file = io.open("DataWritten.txt", 'w')
    ready_file:close()
  end

  target_needed = io.open('NeedTarget.txt', 'r')

  if target_needed ~= nil then
    io.close(target_needed)

    tar_ptr = readQword'LastLockOnTarget'
    target_file = io.open("TargetPointer.txt", 'w')
    target_file:write(tostring(tar_ptr))
    target_file:close()

    ready_file = io.open("TargetFound.txt", 'w')
    ready_file:close()
  end
end

[ENABLE]

local id = memrec.ID
local t = scriptTimers[id]

if t then
  t.Enabled = true
else
  scriptTimers[id] = createTimer()
  t = scriptTimers[id]
  t.Interval = 1000
  t.OnTimer = onTimer
end

[DISABLE]

local t = scriptTimers[memrec.ID]
if t then
  t.Enabled = false
end
```

The above code was found on this forum [post](https://www.cheatengine.org/forum/viewtopic.php?t=618933&sid=ea8d85619a9513450cc63fbe2f1a3443) and edited to fit the needs of this project. So credit to that user for the code. This creates a timer that will check to see if there is a locked on target and if the target changes. This is so that target can easily be grabbed each time that the player dies, since this is expected to be a lot.

For anyone editing the code above, the interval is in milliseconds, and the code you want to change is within the function block called `onTimer`.

More discussion of the cheat table is located in the readme that is in the following directory: scripts/place_cheat_table_here/README.md and there will be a separate lua file that contains the code as well.

#### Elden Ring Initial Setup

https://www.nexusmods.com/eldenring/mods/5645?tab=description

## Documentation

Most of the files included in this repo have documentation with information about the function, the arguments taken, and the return type. Below is the specific use case of the file and the reason that it was written.

#### er_agent.py

#### er_environment.py

#### er_model.py

#### game_access.py

This file is used heavily by the environment to retrieve information about the game state. This file relies on memory_access and communication through files with Cheat Engine. It finds pointers to values that are in Elden Ring's memory and stores those pointers so the environment can use the get functions to retrieve the values at those locations. It also has the ability to pause the game (please note that Elden Ring is normally not able to be paused) and to turn off gravity for the player if needed.

#### logger.py

#### memory_access.py

This file was made to easily access pointers and memory addresses that were retrieved from Cheat Engine. This is mainly used inside of the **game_access.py** file to read information about the game state as well as edit information about the game state, like the player location, gravity toggle, and logic pause.

#### webview.py
